...has been playing an increasingly important role in our day-today life. It has brought a lot of benefits but has created some serious problem as well.
...has been playing an increasingly important role in our day-today life. It has both favorable and unfavorable 
the problem of ….has caused wide public concern over the recent year.
the problem of ….has aroused people’s concern recently.
nowadays，…has become a problem we have to face 
it is commonly believed that…人们一般认为…
many people insist that…很多人坚持认为
in the last decades，advances in science and technology have made it possible for people to…在过去的几十年，科技进步已经使得人们可能…
an increasing number of people are beginning to realize that…
with the development of science and technology，people in growing numbers are beginning to believe that
people’s views on…vary from person to person.some hold that…,however,others believe that…
a lot people seem to think that…很多人似乎认为
attitudes towards…vary from people to people
different people hold different attitudes towards
there has been a good deal of controversy as to whether…对…一直存在很大争议
there is no denying the fact that…is an extremely serious problem
people seem to fail to take into account the fact that…人们忽视了…这一事实
unfortunately，an increasing number of more serious problems remain to be slove
these day，people in growing number are beginning to comdain that
taking into account all these factors，we may reasonably come to the conclusion that
there is no doubt that…has its drawbacks as well as merits
in view of the seriousness of this problem，effective measures should be taking to
all in all，we cannot live without…but at the same time we must try to find out new ways to cope with the problems that would arise。总之，我们没有…是无法生活的，但同时，我们必须寻求新的解决办法来对付可能出现的新问题。
it is high time to take the advice of…and to put special emphasis on the improvement of…该是采纳…建议，并对…展开特殊重视的时候了。
it is high time that we put an end to the trend该是我们停止这一趋势的时候了
there is no doubt that enough concern must be paid to the problem of…毫无疑问，对…问题应予以足够的重视
obviously，if we want todo something …，it is enssential that…显然，如果我们想做某事，很重要的是…
only in this way can we…
it must be realized that
obviously，if we don’t control the problem，the chances are that…will lead us in danger很明显，如果我们不能控制这一问题，很有可能会陷入危险
no doubt，unless we take effective measures ，it is very likely that…毫无疑问，除非我们采取有效措施，否则很有可能会…
it is urgent that immediate measures should be taken to stop the situation很紧迫的是，应立即采取措施阻止这一事态的发展
from my point of view， it is more reasonable to support the first opinion rather than the second
i cannot entirely agree with the idea that should be taken to stop the situation
personally，I am standing on the side of…就个人而言我站在…的一边
from what has been discussed above，I am fully convinced that…
i sincerely believe that…the advantages outweight the disadvantages
in my opinion，it is advisable to do …than to do …
here are some suggestions for handling
the best way to solve troubles is…
in conclusion，we must take into account this problem rationally and place more emphasis on…总之，我们应理智考虑这一问题，重视…
people have figured out many ways to slove this problem 
as far as something is concerned…就某事而言
it was obvious that…很明显…
it may be ture that…，but it doesn’t mean that…可能…是对的，但这并不意味着…
it is natural to believe that …，but we shouldn’t ignore that…认为…是很自然的，但我们不应该忽视…
there is no evidence to suggest that…
from what has been discussed above，we maysafely draw a conclusion that…通过上面的讨论，我们不难得出结论…
we really counts is… What is really important is…真正重要的是…
